The Bastard King of England, Austin, Texas, March 1939.
Oh, the minstrel sing of a British king who lived long years ago.
He ruled the land with an iron hand, but his mind was weak and low.
The only clothing that he wore was a dirty yellow shirt with which he used to hide the hide, but he couldn't hide the dirt.
He loved to hunt the bounding slags that roam the royal wood, and he also was exceedingly fun pulling the royal hood.
Now the Queen of Spain was a sprightly dame of Gay Colleen, was she who loved to fool with the royal tools of King across the sea.
So she sent a special message by a royal messenger to ask the King to come and spend a week or two with her.
When Philip of France had heard the news, he swore before his court, he must refer my rival because my dog is short.
So he commissioned the duke to have her sack, to give the queen a dose of clap.
Oh, what a blow was that to England.
When the news of this disaster had reached old England's halls, the king swore by his testicles he'd have the bastard's balls.
So he offered half his kingdom, and a knight was fair hortense.
to any loyal subject who was not the king of France.
So the loyal Duke of Suffolk betook himself to France, declared himself a fluter, and the king took down his hand.
So he tied a song to the royal dong, jumped on his horse and rode along back to the bastard king of England.
Now, when this strange procession had reached old England's shore, his majesty's pride because of the ride had stretched a yard or more.
When the maidens of the court and all of London town beheld this marvelous sexo tried to hell with the British crown.
Philip of France, he searched the throne, battled manfully using the royal bone.
God saved the bastard king of England.